Release notes XLT 7.1.1 (#198)
Xceptance/xlt-documentation: content/en/xlt/release-notes/7_1_x.md

  priority: 0.1
---

## XLT 7.1.1

See [here](https://github.com/Xceptance/XLT/milestone/26?closed=1) for a complete list of all changes.

### Load Test Report

#### Wrong values in the request table footer

In the footer row of the request data table, the cells for the columns *Distinct*, *1/s*, and *1/h* showed implausible values. This is fixed now.

### Test Framework

#### Reverted timer recorder plugin for Chrome

> In XLT 7.0.0, we have updated the timer recorder plugin for Chrome to support Chrome Manifest v3. However, there have been reports that test scenarios running the Chrome browser via `XltChromeDriver` may now show issues, which could be attributed to the new plugin. Until we understand what is going on here, we will ship the previous version of the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with XLT 7.0.0, the browser add-on for Chrome used to measure request and page load timings was updated to support Chrome Manifest v3. However, there have been reports that test scenarios running the Chrome browser via `XltChromeDriver` show issues which are likely attributed to the reworked version of the add-on. Until the cause of those issues is known and a fix is available, we will ship the previous version of the add-on.
```

Author: Done.
